This page is accessible to authorized users only (logged-in-users).
• Contains a search bar. When clicked, the search bar displays the user’s 3 (three) most
recent searches. Recent search data must be saved locally, not in the database.
• Contains “Clear All” button to clear the user’s search history.
• Contains a filter that allows user to filter search results based on “People you follow”,
“Verified accounts only” or “Everyone”.
• Contains a filter that allows users to filter search results based on thread categories.
• When no search query is entered, the user sees the trending tab with the top 10 (ten)
popular hashtags. Clicking on a hashtag shows a list of threads with that hashtag, sorted
descending by the number of likes.
• Related must be determined using Damerau-Levenshtein distance for accurate, fuzzy
matching.
• While typing a search query, display recommended user profiles that are related to the
search query. Use a debounce mechanism to optimize performance.
• When the user presses “Enter” or click the search icon, the results are shown across 4
(four) tabs:
o Top
Figure 15. Explore Page (Searched)
Halaman : 18 dari 32
Page 18 of 32
Display the top 3 (three) user profiles based on the follower count that related to the
search query, with a “View All” button that redirects to the People for a complete list
of results. Below, show a list of threads that include the search keyword in their
content.
o Latest
Display the most recent threads that related to the search query, sorted in
descending order, with the newest threads appearing first.
o People
Display user profilesrelated to the search query, showing the user’s name, username,
profile picture, and bio. Include a “Follow” button to allow users to follow others
directly. Clicking a profile will navigate to that user’s profile page. Implement
pagination for a limited number of profiles per page, with options to display 25, 30,
or 35 profiles per page.
o Media
Display media content (images, GIFs, and videos) from threads related to the search
query in a responsive grid with 3 (three) media items per row and infinite scrolling.
Clicking on any media item will navigate the user to the corresponding Thread Detail
Page.
o Communities
Display a list of communities related to the search query. Each entry should include
the community’s name, description, and logo. Provide a “Request to Join” button for
users to send a join request to the community. Clicking on a community will navigate
the user to the corresponding Community Detail Page. Implement pagination with
options to display 25, 30, or 35 communities per page.
• While search results are loading, display a loading skeleton UI to indicate result is being
fetched.